How to view SQL of a view (#1522)
duckdb/duckdb-web: docs/sql/statements/create_view.md

CREATE VIEW v1(a) AS SELECT 42;
```

> SQL of a existing view can be read from [duckdb_views()](../../sql/duckdb_table_functions#duckdb_views) like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SQL query behind a existing view can be read using the [`duckdb_views()` function](../../sql/duckdb_table_functions#duckdb_views) like this:
```

> The SQL query behind a existing view can be read using the [`duckdb_views()` function](../../sql/duckdb_table_functions#duckdb_views) like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SQL query behind an existing view can be read using the [`duckdb_views()` function](../../sql/duckdb_table_functions#duckdb_views) like this:
```
